lint documentation HTML, ignore certain files on build, improve docs feature set (#11472)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/lmsIntegrationInstructor.md

they will see a 'come back later' message. After a course instance is connected, the link will
take them into your course instance.

> ## 'LTI 1.3' tab in your PrairieLearn course instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## "LTI 1.3" tab in your PrairieLearn course instance
```
